listen closely you can hear the death
rattle the economy is rotting the putrid
stench cannot be hidden any longer and
now the clear warning signs are becoming
apparent to the
mainstream but you need not listen to
this
fearmonger everything is just fine go
back to sleep my little
sheep well you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
let's look at a few facts beginning with
this restaurant industry snapshots we
are looking at all these
figures and we can
see big declines that have occurred
traffic sales throughout quarter one
down
significantly you can see that with your
own
eyes ultimately what we have is the
general economy fading away we could see
that individuals are maxed out on the
amount of debt that they have and they
continue to accumulate even more why
because the banks know that if a person
reaches their maximum you just need to
increase that just like the debt ceiling
it means absolutely nothing the amount
that individuals are allowed to get on
their
mortgage it's basically done with the
understanding or the
assumption that housing prices will
always increase that wages will increase
and that Prosperity will become ever
present of course we know that isn't the
case restaurants food service and
beverage place as you can see
essentially what I'm trying to show you
here is a declining trend is that
everywhere no are there certain
restaurants and beverage places that are
doing well absolutely there are places
that are doing better than they ever
have but it's the general theme that's
what's important people think that you
know they just take the words that I say
completely and that that's you know
that's the way it is that's set in stone
there's pockets
that part there's parts of the economy
that are doing amazing right now and
there could be a depression and there
are certain areas that are doing
excellent but you need to understand the
general public that's who I'm talking to
and that's what I'm talking about let's
move on right here looking at this I was
amazed to read this one during the
financial crisis the housing boom and
bust we saw vacancies escalate I mean
there were millions of empty homes now
looking at the commercial side of things
the office market in Houston can you
believe this Houston's overall vacancy
Rose to
20% in the first quarter of
2017 that is massive there's one of two
problems but it's potentially both and
that is too many places being built and
number two not enough demand and I
believe that it is both in this case
because they just get overzealous they
get over excited and anxious let's build
build build build build don't worry
you'll have some Chinese foreign buyers
or you'll have some really rich people
who decide to buy it up and open up
businesses and they have all these ideas
and that's great but ultimately if you
don't have those buyers on hand you have
big problem look 20% you could say that
well you know there was a little extra
inventory and that's why these places
aren't selling 20% that's not the case
there's a problem at 20% there is a
problem understand that and Houston is
only one of those places General Motors
inventory the amount of cars that are
sitting on the lot right now have
escalated dramatically General Motors is
just one but this presents a problem why
Big Ticket items can't sell the way they
once did does that mean once again I
have
to you have to be so explain yourself
all the time here
but does that mean that people are not
buying cars right now does that mean
that General Motors is the only one
that's having this issue no and no the
general economy is suffering less Big
Ticket items can be sold yet at the same
time you have individuals that are doing
better than ever there are people buying
you know hundred million homes there is
a home being built in La that they
potentially will sell for $500
million somebody's doing well the
general economy on the other hand not
the
case the Gap in confidence between the
younger and older Americans is at an
alltime high this is talking about you
know one of these that I really don't
like consumer confidence but I wanted to
show you to anyway take it with a grain
of salt when you can see that
essentially they're showing this area
here a great division in between these
two the yellow line being under 35 green
is over 55
and
people I would suggest
overall are feeling it right now when
you can see that Millennials you know
they are graduate from school
they still live with their parents which
just you know nothing wrong with that
but if you really want to move out
instead of living with your parents and
I see that presented as a problem this
right here shows you that overall
individuals are feeling it and this is
telling me
that those over 55 are not doing so well
and it shows that the younger generation
is doing well in terms of super
confidence you know I personally don't
agree with that based on what I've seen
I think the general theme is a downward
Trend and that has been ever apparent
since the year 2000 but definitely
reinforced after the financial crisis I
mean look at all the fraud that was
experienced just to get it to get to the
financial crisis so much fraud was
needed and I'm sure I don't need to tell
you about that if you found this video
inform formative please give me a thumbs
up uh you know you can enjoy this right
here just for a moment longer give you
that nice picture before you go I want
to thank each and every one of you out
there all the comments all the emails
all the
support thank you very
much I'm sure you've been hearing what's
happening with YouTube essentially those
who are creating YouTube videos
you know right now at this time they're
not making any money but guess what I've
been doing even more videos actually
I've been trying to do as many as I can
and it doesn't matter about the money
what I'm trying to do is trying to build
an audience I'm trying to get people who
are interested in what I have to say if
you're still here at this time
especially after a silly picture like
this you can hear some of the inside
information
and that is quite
frankly when you have
individuals in your inner circle that
you speak to
that they're simply just sheep looking
for the
slaughter to put it
politely you go out and you try to find
individuals that are
likeminded and ultimately that is one of
the reasons one of probably the major
reason why I do so many YouTube
videos essentially when you have nobody
to talk to about this kind of thing you
share it with somebody who will
listen so what I'm trying to say is
thank you for
listening if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative the first book is about the
four asset classes the history the
foundation and then of course how to
profit from all of that it breaks down
each chapter there's a different asset
classes and then the new book has a
little different way of looking at
things familiar topics of course but
then I get into the becoming
self-sufficient reducing your monthly
expenses and this one is a much more
condensed book at just over 100 pages
but either way you can take a look at
both of these books
at Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of these books and see
if you like them take care